Update Docs for SSR package adoption docs (#19727)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/server-side/overview.mdx

  sidebar_label: 'Overview',
}

> When using Supabase with server-side languages and frameworks - such as Next.js, SvelteKit and Remix - it is important to configure your Supabase client to use cookies for storing user sessions. We have developed an `@supabase/ssr` package to make this process as simple as possible. This package is currently in `beta`, adoption is recommended but be aware of future breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Supabase with server-side languages and frameworks - such as Next.js, SvelteKit and Remix - it is important to configure your Supabase client to use cookies for storing user sessions. We have developed an `@supabase/ssr` package to make this process as simple as possible. This package is currently in `beta`. Adoption is recommended but be aware that the API is still unstable and may have breaking changes in the future.
```
